Week: [[2022-W32]]
- - -

> "Just being 1% better than yesterday is enough!"

### To-do-list:
- [x] Bid for tutorials
- [x] Watch lecture 1 of cs2100 -> Learn C please you dont know dog shit
- [>] finish chapter 1 of python class -> MUST BRO, CS2109S is FKING CLOSE alr
- [>] Finish CS2105 UNIX workshop
- [x] Watch cs2105 lecture live at 2pm to 4pm? Or go there physically
- [>] Prepare MOC for CS2109S
- [>] Prepare MOC for UTS2100

### Habits
**Sleep**:: 9 
**Breakfast**:: 0
**Study**:: 0
**Exercise**:: 2
**Reflection**:: 1

### LeetCode Questions Done:
```dataview
TABLE difficulty AS Difficulty, topics AS Topics, performance AS Performance
FROM (#LeetCode) AND -"Templates"
WHERE contains(date, "2022-08-08 Monday") 
```

### Notes:
```dataview
TABLE
WHERE date = "2022-08-08 Monday"
```

### Reflection
##### Journal
Man today was not the best day :/ I stayed up late last night at ard 3am, and had a pretty disrupted sleep all the way till 11am. Did not feel great waking up (grumpy and lethargic in fact). 

Then I had lunch with the gang (Jo, Andrew and Jic). Afterwards, I picked Vienne up to my room and she chilled there I had CS2105 lesson. The lesson was quite chilled but the questions were a bit confusing. I was not able to answer the questions right away but I managed to understand it afterall. CS2105 can be quite complicated and I hope I can make it with enough practice.

Had sex. Wasnt the best sex. My dick did not cooperate again. This time however I was not affected too much by it. Bad sleep combined with bad mindset. I will also have it checked this Saturday along with my toe probably.

After sex, we had dinner, then I helped Vienne with her SLF's packing. Then I organized Tembu Bball at UTSH. Freshies were pretty good, some are even too good.  Toe hurts of course, I did not play as well as I could but alas, no ego head empty.

In fact, something momentous happed today. Out of the sudden, I just, got over my height insecurity. I think seeing Siyu really helped with my mindset. Siyu was much taller than I remember she was. But last time I did not pay attention to it because, well, I did not have to! Height was never a factor. You can say it was blissful ignorance, but I think it's just I do not give a shit about such thing. I simply believe in myself, my appearance, my abilities and my charisma making up for any height disadvantages. 

##### Gratitude
I am really grateful for Vienne. Been through thick and thin without judgement. I cant expect more in a girlfriend. 

##### To Be Improved
Really have to stick to my todo list more >:(  It is starting to look like last sem.