Week: [[2022-W43]]
- - -
>[!quote]
> Bodily exercise, when compulsory, does no harm to the body; but knowledge which is acquired under compulsion obtains no hold on the mind.
> — <cite>Plato</cite>

## To-do-list
- [x] CS2100 tutorial correct


## Habits
**Sleep**:: 7
**Breakfast**:: 0
**Study**:: 8 
**Exercise**:: 2
**Reflection**:: 1

## LeetCode Questions Done
```dataview
TABLE difficulty AS Difficulty, topics AS Topics, performance AS Performance
FROM (#LeetCode) AND -"Templates"
WHERE contains(date, "2022-10-29 Saturday") 
```

## Notes
```dataview
TABLE
WHERE date = "2022-10-29 Saturday"
```

## Reflection
#### Thoughts
Tiring day, I rushed CS2109S assignment since the time I woke up. Fortunately I finished it and had time to gym at night too. However there are many things that are bugging my mind right now:
- My wrist hurts after gyming, and the number of exericses I can do in the gym is so limited. On the side note, it is just my left hand, so it is not as painfully impactful as my right wrist injury just a year ago. Also, this is a great chance for me to focus on muscles that I have been neglecting, namely abs, legs, hamstring and calves. 
- My toe has not healed fully. I am SURE it will heal, I can feel slight improvements every now and then. I just have to play basketball less aggressively and focus on my shooting - it is a more sustainable skills anyway. 
- My resume is going nowhere. Zero industrial skills, no projects under my belt. How to change this? I can work with Kok Hai to hone my CV making skills tmr night, and work on some personal project this december → set goal!
- Lastly, I feel like I am not doing enough over the day. I get very tired towards the end and just decide to sleep without even setting an alarm for the next day! What can I do to stop this? I HAVE to follow the checklist I set for myself everyday! And if I have not finished it, what can I do? I can take my laptop and go to the lounge or something. Lets start by setting the checklist for tmr NOW.


#### Learning
Today I learned a lot about machine learning and how to train neuron networks. I realised how much abstraction pytorch provides through its in-built functions such as `loss.backward() and optimizer.step()`
#### Gratitude
#### To Be Improved