Week: [[2022-W33]]
- - -

> "Just being 1% better than yesterday is enough!"

### To-do-list:
- [x] Watch recitation cs2100 (once it comes up :/)
- [x] Prepare for lecture cs2109 (No tutorial avail)
- [x] Watch cs2100 lectures (2 lectures)

### Habits
**Sleep**:: 10
**Breakfast**:: 0
**Study**:: 2
**Exercise**:: 2
**Reflection**:: 1

### LeetCode Questions Done:
```dataview
TABLE difficulty AS Difficulty, topics AS Topics, performance AS Performance
FROM (#LeetCode) AND -"Templates"
WHERE contains(date, "2022-08-18 Thursday") 
```

### Notes:
```dataview
TABLE
WHERE date = "2022-08-18 Thursday"
```

### Reflection
##### Journal
Had a great sleep - too great since I slept for 10 hours probably. Cough is still pretty bad, and I should really either to to UHC (Noone has time for that LMAO) or buy some cough medicines from NTUC (YES PLS). 

I spent the whole day preparing for SS. And it was worth it. I had plenty of ideas to contribute and I managed to make some valid points to the prof's question. My social life seems to be improving these days, as I talked to people more casually and just generally present myself better. It is as what they say, you lose it if you dont use it, so I should talk to peeps more to hone my social skills. 

Got to talk to mom, aunt Ha and grandma today! I missed my family a lot, especially my maternal side. Grandma was looking so old, but according to mom she also looks healthier, which makes me really really glad. We conversed for a while - and though she did not recognize me at first, she recalled my nicknames and started asking me questions like how grandmas always do when they see their long-lost grandchildren again.. I really miss grandma and I hope she gets to live the last years of her life fulfilled and at peace.

##### Gratitude

Sahil for being generally sociable and engaging in SS. Really look up to his eloquence.

Xiang Long for having dinner with me. He's such a nice genuine and down to earth person. Loves Coldplay and Taylor Swift apparently.

##### To Be Improved