Week: [[2022-W37]]
- - -
### To-do-list
- [x] ST2334 tut
- [x] CS2105 tutorial
- [ ] CS2100 recitation (WEEK 4 overdue)

### Habits
**Sleep**:: 7
**Breakfast**:: 0
**Study**:: 
**Exercise**:: 
**Reflection**:: 

### LeetCode Questions Done
```dataview
TABLE difficulty AS Difficulty, topics AS Topics, performance AS Performance
FROM (#LeetCode) AND -"Templates"
WHERE contains(date, "2022-09-12 Monday") 
```

### Notes
```dataview
TABLE
WHERE date = "2022-09-12 Monday"
```

### Reflection
Everything seems to not be going well... I was so burnt out and stressed last week, which culminated in my utter shutting-down on Saturday where I just could not operate and decided to play Brawlhala for 4-5 hours on end. It was bad, but I know it is a normal human reaction that humans have in response to huge stress. Best I can do is to realise this is happening and how I can minimize such occurences. 

What is causing me so much stress?
- Basketball THG. Thank god it is coming to an end. Planning for it has been really mentally taxing. I just have to remind myself that it is JUST THG, and it is of very little significance anyway. Would even be less stressful for me if there are fewer people playing... → Did I fail my goal of making basketball popular in Tembusu? :/ Even I can feel my own receding passion in basketball... I guess that is what being injured over and over and over does to you. I really have stopped enjoying the sport.
- Workload: So many lectures to catch up. I could not follow my online lecture timetable last week, and still cramped everything in the weekend again. At the very least,  last week lectures were not too content heavy. However, I have some assignments due soon and I should start now before its too late.
- Friendship: Are there anyone I want to establish a closer relationship in Tembusu? I feel like I only know everyone in passing and not on a more personal level. Who do I want to reach out? Kok Hai is definitely one of them. I will ask Lixon too if 

##### Journal
##### Gratitude
##### To Be Improved