Week: [[2022-W34]]
- - -
>[!Quote]
> I will not be concerned at other men's not knowing me; I will be concerned at my own want of ability.
> — <cite>Confucius</cite>
### To-do-list
- [x] ST2334 tutorial
- [x] watch cs2105 lecture + cs2105 quiz
- [x] cs2100 lectures too!!! lets finish MIPS 1  and MIPS 2 → Thank god only less than 2 hours long I can do this :'(
- [x] CS2100 quizzes 1 and 2


### Habits
**Sleep**:: 8
**Breakfast**:: 0
**Study**:: 6.66
**Exercise**:: 0
**Reflection**:: 1

### LeetCode Questions Done
```dataview
TABLE difficulty AS Difficulty, topics AS Topics, performance AS Performance
FROM (#LeetCode) AND -"Templates"
WHERE contains(date, "2022-08-28 Sunday") 
```

### Notes
```dataview
TABLE
WHERE date = "2022-08-28 Sunday"
```

### Reflection
##### Journal
Woah I spent the whole fucking day catching up. SO fucking tired HAHAHAHA.

Went to see Vienne play THG. She was so cool and knew what she was doing, tho she looks a bit clumsy on the field LOL. I was a proud bf today.

Watching sport coms really make me want to compete at high level again :/ I hope my toe recovers quicklier, if it decides to ever recover again... Please, let me run and jump like normal again...

So much work to catch up today... CS2109S TOOK A SHIT TONS OF TIME TO STUDY. FUCk Ben Leong and his shitty ass lectures. Singlehandedly made a fun mod unenjoyable.

Will try not to get into this situation again!! Must finish all the tasks in that day, no matter how tired I am! DO not allow works to accumulate, you  can never catch up!!!

##### Gratitude
Vienne for being a cool af gf, Kok Hai for being chill.

##### To Be Improved
Self confidence in general. Fake it till you make it. Hit the gym too! I havent been gyming in so long. I will hit the gym again tmr, no matter what! ITS BENEFICIAL FOR MY MENTAL WELLBEING!