Week: [[2022-W31]]
- - -
> "Just being 1% better than yesterday is enough!"

### To-do-list:
- [-] Breakfast at 9:30 am
- [x] Wash clothes at 10:30 am
- [x] Clean room (vacuum and wipe) at 10:30 am to 11:15
- [x] Lunch with Siyu and Harry!
- [x] Dry clothes
- [x] Week review at 3:40am
- [x] Collect clothes + add to dryer before gyming 
- [x] Collect clothes 2nd batch
- [-] Gym at 6 pm
- [x] Dinner at 7:30
- [x] Bball from 9 to 11
- [>] Study Python at 23:30 DIDNT DO IT AGAIN :/
- [!] BOOK court at 23:59!!

### LeetCode Questions Done:
```dataview
TABLE difficulty AS Difficulty, topics AS Topics, performance AS Performance
FROM #LeetCode 
WHERE contains(date, "2022-08-06 Saturday") 
```

### Notes:
```dataview
table date AS Date
where contains(date, "2022-08-06 Saturday")
```

### Reflection
##### Journal
I woke up quite late today (ard 10 ish?). I couldnt do much and didnt havfe breakfast either. I then went to meet Siyu and Harry for lunch. It was a good time, Siyu is very wholesome and Harry is still a goofball as always. I wish them all the best in Uni. 

After I came back, I cleaned my room and did laundry, which gave me immense pride for I was never the most organized person. In the mean time, I continue with more Obsidian set-ups (I really hope I will not be too concerned with organizing, because that really would defeat the whole purpose of Obisidian, which is to provide a structureless, non-hierarchial workflow that deemphasizes organizing of notes). 

I also set up the course MOCs. Right now I am not too sure how effective and practical note taking on Obsidian will be for uni. I just really want more indepth undertanding of topics and reduce my procrastination tendencies to watch lectures and do lecture quizzes. 

At night I went to play basketball with the gang. It was fun but my toe really hinders my movement and my gameplay. I think its very high time I take a break and let it heal :/

##### Gratitude
- Siyu, Harry, the gang whom I can hang out with

##### To Be Improved
- Speaking in a group? I noticed Anton being very vocal and gathering lots of attention in group setting. It is something I admire, and wish to emulate. I believe the key is to have more experience, more confidence in what you want to say, and above all, speak cleary and SLOWLY! You can do it!!