Week: [[2022-W43]]
- - -
>[!quote]
> There are many ways of going forward, but only one way of standing still.
> — <cite>Franklin D. Roosevelt</cite>

## To-do-list
- [ ] 

## Habits
**Sleep**:: 7
**Breakfast**:: 0
**Study**:: 4
**Exercise**:: 1 
**Reflection**:: 1 

## LeetCode Questions Done
```dataview
TABLE difficulty AS Difficulty, topics AS Topics, performance AS Performance
FROM (#LeetCode) AND -"Templates"
WHERE contains(date, "2022-10-24 Monday") 
```

## Notes
```dataview
TABLE
WHERE date = "2022-10-24 Monday"
```

## Reflection
### Journal
It has been a while since I did this. I will not be overly convoluted and go straight to the point, because I feel this would be way more sustainable than writing out a whole essay like I did in the past.

Life update, I have been through some ver stressful time. To be fair, I am still stressed, but I have learned the ultimate copium technique: to stop caring as much. I was so stressed because I am obsessed with being the best, with getting the best grades in school and establising myself as being academically inclined. This is the direct consequence of basing your selfworth on academic achievement for so long. The fact is, I am already in university. Grades, while not completely to be ignored, are no longer as important as it once were in JC where my whole college route and career pathway are dependent on it. Failing a midterm? Well like if it matters in the long run. My old self would have faulted myself over and over for making mistakes in exam and performing badly. At the moment, I dont give a flying fuck. I am happy about this development. I can now focus on becoming a better version of myself instead of chasing the meaningless numbers on my academic record. 

I am also quite behind in most of my subjects. While I desperately try to catch up, it just seems like new content is coming out faster than I can process the old ones. Anyway, this could be due to one simple reason: I am tooo distracted during my study. My phone is a big source of distraction, but sometimes towards the end of the day I keep zoning out on my computer and procrastinate by doing random stuffs on the Internet. How can I overcome this? I can lock my phone away, out of sight out of mind. But I do recognize my attention span decreases over the course of the day - how can I rectify this? Pomodoro? Will look into ways to stay focus and efficient during my study time. Right now I study a lot but not much is achieved.


### Gratitude
### To Be Improved