Week: [[2022-W47]]
- - -
>[!quote]
> Do more than dream: work.
> — <cite>William Arthur Ward</cite>

## To-do-list
- [ ] 

## Habits
**Sleep**:: 
**Breakfast**::
**Study**:: 
**Exercise**:: 
**Reflection**:: 

## LeetCode Questions Done
```dataview
TABLE difficulty AS Difficulty, topics AS Topics, performance AS Performance
FROM (#LeetCode) AND -"Templates"
WHERE contains(date, "2022-11-26 Saturday") 
```

## Notes
```dataview
TABLE
WHERE date = "2022-11-26 Saturday"
```

## Reflection
#### Thoughts 

I am left with one exam today. I have not done this in a while, penning down my thoughts like this. But I have so much to talk and reflect about, it hurts to keep them all in my head. What is intelligence in the first place and am I intelligent? Am I intelligent enough for this major? Is intelligence as fluid and malleable as what they say, or is it static and fixed like my exam performance has all seemed to suggest? I have been underperforming so much for the past few exams. Why. It is obvious I lost a lot of steam in the second half of the semester. I do not revise as much, I do take notes, but only in the form of shitty mindmaps. Is it enough? Is there anything wrong with my studying plans? Or am i simply not talented enough? Why do I always seem to have to put in so much more efforts in revising? Why do people like Jowi and Wayne spend so much less time revising and still grasping the content so well, and perform so well on exams? After knowing that I cannot perform as well as them with the same amount of preparation, should I have prepared more instead? 

Does life have a place for people like me who is mediocre in everything? I feel painfully average. I know I should not feel this way, but that is all I am feeling right now. Are tests feat of intelligence or do they test how well do you understand the content? What was going through my head during exam?

I will recall what went through my head during CS2100 exam. It is easy, because there was nothing but self-doubt. "I am not intelligent enough for this question". "Why am I spending so much time on this question, it is not meant to be solved". These are the thoughts that were running through my head constantly. Can I come up with something now that exam is over? Should I bother? I have not done it because if i still cannot, what does it say about me? Do I know my content not well enough or am I simply not intelligent enough? FUCK. 


Forget about the rambling above. It is for another day, another time. I have to think of what could have gone wrong. I feel like I am incredibly inflexible and distracted during exam. During CS2109, I entered a fixed mindset where I have already given up, and was just doing the bare minimum to get through it. Why DIDNT I ask the examiner when my computer went into insert mode? Why did I not try doing list indexing instead of getting fixated on tuples? FUCK. I am so frustrated over myself. I feel like this does not stem from a lack of intelligence, but from some deep-rooted insecurities over my intelligence instead. It seems like I try to have a growth mindset anywhere but the exam hall itself. 



#### Learning 
#### Gratitude
#### Areas of Improvement