Week: [[2022-W36]]
- - -
### To-do-list
- [x] CS2109S lecture 
- [x] Workshop tonight
- [x] cs2109 tutorial
- [x] Cs2109S lect training
- [x] cs2100 lab
- [ ] Buy some stuffs from fairprice:
	- [ ] Room freshener
	- [ ] Perhaps dehumidifier? 
	- [ ] Fabric freshener?

### Habits
**Sleep**:: 6
**Breakfast**:: 0
**Study**:: 4
**Exercise**:: 0
**Reflection**:: 1

### LeetCode Questions Done
```dataview
TABLE difficulty AS Difficulty, topics AS Topics, performance AS Performance
FROM (#LeetCode) AND -"Templates"
WHERE contains(date, "2022-09-06 Tuesday") 
```

### Notes
```dataview
TABLE
WHERE date = "2022-09-06 Tuesday"
```

### Reflection
##### Journal
Okay there are so many things to unpack today. 

Firstly, productivity. I felt so lethargic and resistant to studying in my room. It is probably a product of the environment. I feel so much more productive outside at the Terrace. I really do have to go out of my room more to study.

Secondly, I was so busy and burnt out over the weekend. Spent whole of sunday doing PS1 (fking waste of time), then I did 9h catch up on all the lectures and tutorials I accumulated till the end of the week. This is very bad. Solution, as I have brilliantly devised, is to plan to watch prerecorded lectures at specific times during the week using Google Doc. Lets see how I fare at the end of this week.

Thirdly, my insercurities hit me at full force yesterday. Not gonna lie, they have been creeping up on me ever since I met that judgemental bitch in tEnpower. It did not help that I have not been to the gym in a 2 weeks. Solution is to resume my workout routine. I also needed to confide in Vienne more, after all it is what love is all about, being vulnerable to and accepting of each other. Also have to remind myself of what I am capable of. I am not the smartest in the room, but I am smart enough to be here. I have good social skills and charismatic. I may sometimes speak too fast, but when I slow down I definitely have the vocabularies to convey myself. I have great, proportional shapes. I can shoot the basketball well and I am only getting better - I can shoot 3s now. I can play guitar decently well, and I should practice guitar more. I have a lot, and also little. That is life. You have to do your best with the cards you are dealt with.  

Also stop checking out other people jesus christ. It will only worsen your insecurity!!! 

##### Gratitude
Vienne. Kok Hai and Rui Yi, Sean and Adam.

##### To Be Improved