Week: [[2023-W17]]
- - -
>[!quote]
> It is impossible to love and to be wise.
> — <cite>Francis Bacon</cite>

>[!todo]
>- [ ] One leetcode daily question
>- [ ] Try building the website as promised?

## Habits

**Sleep**::
**Breakfast**::
**Study**:: 
**Exercise**:: 
**Reflection**:: 
**Pullups**::
**News**::

## Interesting News Today

```dataview
TABLE 
FROM (#news) AND -"Templates"
WHERE CONTAINS(date, "2023-04-30 Sunday") 
```

## LeetCode Questions Done

```dataview
TABLE difficulty AS Difficulty, topics AS Topics, performance AS Performance
FROM (#LeetCode) AND -"Templates"
WHERE contains(date, "2023-04-30 Sunday") 
```

## Notes

```dataview
TABLE
WHERE date = "2023-04-30 Sunday"
```

## Reflection

### 3 noteable things that happened today
- Mom called, telling me grandma is in critical health condition. She wants me to go back as soon as possible before grandma passes. I already booked my flight ticket on the 11th, and I am quite certain I cannot change the flight date. What should I do? I dont mind going back earlier, I need to suppport my mom and see grandma alive one last time. I felt some resentment for mother, to be completely honest. But I also recognized how much she had gone through and sacrificed for me. I would not be here in my current situation, be it a desirable and unpleasnt one, were it not for her. I dont know, why did she do what she did? I already told her to be careful, extremely be careful. I should have been cautious with the crypto currency bullshit - I am more than educated enough to advice her. I was not a child at the poin, I was a grown man studying a computer science degree. I could have easily done my own research and adviced her to stop being so reckless. When I heard about that operation that involved such a large amount of money, I already told her to be very careful. To check whether there are legal bindings and all that bullshit. How is she so delusional and reckless? I knew she raised me, but she was certainly not without fault. She did not have any long-lasting relationship, and people probably did not like her as much as the impression she had given us. The more I think about it, the more I pity father. I hope the trip gives them the much needed distraction and respite from the horrible ordeal at home.

### 3 most important thing I learned today

### Who am I grateful for today

### Areas of Improvement